I mean test score with when when will
you buy an odd wait what you buy you
know I would jump what is buying some
some what are the for them drink it
July totally rolls
what have you what have you done what's
up in what I think you've drops with me
toilet rolls on floor fits on the roll
over for no silly me
okay I really have I'm too fat now you
don't want anything period in one cat
stuff some of that doing us some
succulent lost cat chicken well known
each other that's you Charlie no you
Charlie League started out and now
you've dropped some Purina cap where I
love you they going now you've got your
cat wolf cut you drop your cap on
getting them some more pockets some fish
pockets is that what they are yeah well
you better learn a linear because I'll
see you later win